[BAM-26] Refactor project structure for version-specific compatibility (#4)
KodyPay/kody-clientsdk-python: versions/3_6/README.md

# Kody Python Client

## Description

> The Kody Python Client is it's your direct line of communication with the Kody Payments Gateway. It simplifies the integration of Kody payment functionalities into your applications. The SDK is generated from protobuf protocols to facilitate communication with the Kody Payments Gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kody Python Client allows direct communication with the Kody Payments Gateway. It simplifies the integration of Kody payments into your application.
The SDK is generated from Protobuf gRPC protocols to facilitate communication with the Kody Payments Gateway.
```
